chore: faq about installation on kubernetes 1.15 (#188)
chaos-mesh/website: versioned_docs/version-2.1.1/offline-installation.md

unzip chaos-mesh.zip -d chaos-mesh && cd chaos-mesh
```

:::note

> If you are trying to install Chaos Mesh on Kubernetes 1.15(or lower version), you need to manually install CRD first by `kubectl create -f manifests/crd-v1beta1.yaml`. For the detail: see [FAQ](./faqs.md#q-failed-to-install-chaos-mesh-with-message-no-matches-for-kind-customresourcedefinition-in-version-apiextensionsk8siov1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When installing Chaos Mesh on Kubernetes v1.15(or an earlier version), you need to manually install CRD. For more information, see [FAQ](./faqs.md#q-failed-to-install-chaos-mesh-with-message-no-matches-for-kind-customresourcedefinition-in-version-apiextensionsk8siov1).
```
